In four of his letters,
the apostle Paul encouraged fellow Christians
to “greet one another with a holy kiss.”
Similarly, Peter used the expression
“greet one another with a kiss of love.”
Now, why was that encouragement given?
Because giving a kiss
was a token of affection, honor, or peace.
Well, in a similar vein,
notice what Jehovah commands us to do
in Psalm 2, please.
Go to the second Psalm,
and let’s read verse 12.
Jehovah says: “Honor
“[or, if you look at the footnote,
literally, “Kiss”
“—kiss] the son,
“or God will become indignant
“and you will perish from the way,
for His [Jehovah’s] anger flares up quickly.”
You notice that Jehovah
doesn’t present this as an option, does he?
He didn’t say,
‘I recommend, or suggest, you kiss my son.’
It’s actually presented as a decree
—a powerful statement indeed.
And Jehovah takes it very personally
whether we warmly, affectionately
welcome his Son or not, see?
Those who do not do so
—do not kiss the Son
and warmly welcome him—
will perish as a result of Jehovah’s anger.
Or, put another way,
such ones ‘will meet God.’
Now, let’s talk
about this just for a little bit.
The Israelites,
because they were so disobedient,
were warned by Jehovah
through Amos the prophet
at Amos 4:12:
“Get ready to meet your God.”
Now, that expression reminds me
of when I was a young teenager
growing up
in the southern part of the United States.
Along the highways, we would
often see billboards, religious billboards.
And a common sign read:
“Are you ready to meet God?”
And it was supposed
to be based on Amos 4:12.
Now, we asked, and it was explained
to us that the meaning was,
“Are you ready to go to heaven,
“meet God face-to-face,
and thereafter live in heaven?”
The word “meet”
was being used with a favorable connotation.
But as we indicated,
that’s not the meaning of Amos 4:12
—not to get ready to introduce yourself
to God in a friendly way—
far from it.
Jehovah through Amos
was warning those disobedient Israelites
that they were going to meet God
by means of a head-on collision.
It was going to be similar
to a little ant walking on a train rail,
walking south and being met
by a locomotive coming north.
That’s what the Israelites would experience.
And, sure enough,
as Jehovah warned some years later,
the Israelites “met God”
when they received his adverse judgment
when Assyria conquered and devastated them.
But now, here’s a question:
What get-ready-to-meet-your-God message
is being sounded by God’s people today?
Well, it’s true that we sound
“the good news of the Kingdom.”
But we also sound
a warning message, don’t we?
We warn that all who do not take
a stand with Jehovah
and walk with him
but continue to walk in opposition
will meet him in a head-on collision.
But here’s another question:
What will happen in the near future
(and we’ve learned
during the great tribulation)
to the tone
—the tenor—
of our get-ready-to-meet-your-God
warning message?
Well, for the answer,
let’s go to Revelation chapter 16
—Revelation chapter 16.
And, please, let’s read verse 21:
“Then great hailstones,
“each about the weight of a talent,
“fell from heaven on the people,
“and the people blasphemed God
“because of the plague of hail,
for the plague was unusually great.”
Well, our publications have explained
that, of course, right now
we take the “soft” waters of truth to people,
encouraging them to turn to Jehovah.
But soon during the great tribulation,
the tone, the tenor, will turn “hard.”
It will announce the imminent end
of Satan’s entire wicked system.
The soft waters of truth will congeal
to become
the hard-hitting hailstones of truth.
And this message will be so powerful
that, as indicated
there in that scripture we read,
the people will blaspheme God.
They will be very upset.
They will be very disturbed.
And it’s likened to a great hailstone,
with every hailstone
(a great hailstorm,
I should say, with every hailstone)
weighing about a talent.
Now, the Revelation Climax  book said
that if the apostle John
had in mind the Greek talent,
that would mean each hailstone
would weigh about 45 pounds (20 kg).
Some years ago, interestingly,
there was a little article, or little account,
in The Watchtower  about egg-sized hail
falling in China,
killing 25 people
and wounding 200 additional people.
Now, think about it.
If hailstones
weighing only ounces could do that,
what about 45-pound hailstones
(and especially
if you factor in how fast they fall)?
Experts say a large hailstone
can fall at speeds
faster than 100 miles an hour (160 km/hr).
And interestingly, not long ago
The Watchtower  made
the comment that it could well be
that our hailstone message
that we’re commissioned to give
will be what induces Gog of Magog
to make his all-out attack
against Jehovah’s people
with the intention
of wiping them from the earth.
And, of course,
we know the attack of Gog is the event
that will enrage Jehovah
and move him to bring on
the rescue operation of Armageddon.
But right now we’re still
in the kiss-God’s-Son invitation time period.
We’re happy about that, right?
But don’t get too comfortable
with that message either.
We entreat honesthearted ones
to honor God’s Son
—to warmly welcome him
as earth’s new ruler.
And we do this urgently
—don’t we?—
during the time before that hard-hitting,
get-ready-to-meet-your-God
time period arrives.
But now, here’s a very important question:
Are we motivated
to kiss God’s Son only because we don’t want
to experience the adverse consequences
of not doing so?
No, our main motivator is love, isn’t it?
We love Jehovah,
and we love his dear Son,
and we long for him to be earth’s new ruler.
That love is what
mainly motivates us to do so,
to kiss—welcome—God’s Son.
And, of course, we want to help
honesthearted ones as we teach them
to likewise kiss God’s Son
because they are motivated by love.
But Jesus is Jehovah’s choice, isn’t he?
Jehovah has selected him
and has installed him as King of the Kingdom,
and he will be the absolute best ruler
that humans could ever have.
Why?
What will make Jesus the very best ruler?
Well, one thing:
He will have superhuman abilities,
and he will demonstrate and will have these
during his Thousand Year Reign.
It will make him a wonderful,
very loving ruler.
In fact, let’s identify
six superhuman abilities
that Jesus will possess and demonstrate
during his wonderful Thousand Year Reign.
And to identify each
of these six superhuman abilities,
we’re going to use a miracle
that Jesus performed here on the earth,
because we know
the earthly miracles portend, or foreshadow,
even greater miracles
during his time as Messianic King.
Now turn, please, to Mark chapter 4,
and let’s identify
superhuman ability number one.
Mark 4:37 says:
“Now a great violent windstorm broke out,
“and the waves kept crashing into the boat,
“so that the boat was close to being swamped.
“But he [Jesus] was in the stern,
“sleeping on the pillow.
“So they woke him up and said to him:
“‘Teacher, do you not care
that we are about to perish?’
“With that he got up and rebuked the wind
“and said to the sea:
“‘Hush! Be quiet!’
And the wind abated,
and a great calm set in.”
Now, did you notice that that windstorm
is described with a double adjective
—“great violent windstorm”—
indicating its ferocity?
But with three simple words
—“Hush! Be quiet!”—
Jesus completely calmed both wind and sea.
But now, what does that miracle
portend for the future?
Well, as Messianic King,
Jesus will have the power
to command and control the wind, the sea
—actually, all forces of nature—
to mankind’s benefit.
Under Kingdom rule,
there will be no destructive tsunamis,
hurricanes, tornadoes, floods,
earthquakes, etcetera, etcetera.
But now, let’s identify
superhuman ability number two.
And to do this,
just think about the account, if you will,
in Matthew chapter 14.
If you recall, with just five loaves of bread
and two little fish,
Jesus fed a crowd,
likely of over 10,000 people
if you factor in the women and children.
And every one of them
ate to complete satisfaction.
Why, they even “[gathered] up
12 baskets full of fragments”
as leftovers.
Well, what do we learn from this miracle?
Jesus, as Messianic King,
will exercise authority
over the organic elements
in food and vegetation,
ensuring that no one
under his rule ever goes hungry.
It is estimated that right now
more than 800 million people
go to bed at night hungry.
That number will be reduced to zero
under Kingdom rule.
No one will have to go
to bed hungry at night.
Psalm 72:16 says:
“There will be an abundance
of grain on the earth;
on the top of the mountains
it will overflow.”
And it won’t be just basics.
Isaiah 25:6 says:
“Jehovah of armies
will make for all the peoples
“[that means nobody is left out
—for all the peoples]
“a banquet of rich dishes,
a banquet of fine wine, . . . filtered wine.”
Now, we’re not talking about Ripple
or Thunderbird wine here.
We’re talking about fine wine,
like Jesus made
at that wedding feast in Cana.
But now, let’s identify
superhuman ability number three.
Go, please, to Matthew chapter 15
—Matthew 15—
and let’s read,
please, verse number 30:
“Then large crowds approached him,
“bringing along people who were lame,
“maimed, blind, speechless, and many others,
“and they laid them at his feet,
and he cured them.”
Now, this was amazing, wasn’t it?
But what did these healing miracles portend
for Jesus as Messianic King?
Well, he will have the power
and the authority to heal
all sicknesses and maladies.
See, any sickness, any malady,
he will heal under Kingdom rule,
as promised at Isaiah 33:24:
“No resident [not one]
will say: ‘I am sick.’”
In fact, Jesus will even have the power
to put the human aging process
into reverse with ones becoming
young physically.
Do you recall this video clip?
It was shown at a convention
some years ago.
And we’re not seeing in this
portion of this video a fantasy.
We’re looking at reality.
In fact, one brother said:
“Can you imagine getting up in the morning?
“You put your glasses on,
and you can’t see anything!
“Everything is blurry.
You take them off,
and now you can see beautifully!”
Not fantasy—we’re talking about reality
in Jehovah’s new world.
But now let’s identify
superhuman ability number four.
And to do this, just think, if you will,
of the account in Mark chapter 5.
If you recall, very sadly
—heart-wrenchingly—
a little 12-year-old girl had died.
But what did Jesus do?
The account tells us
he took her hand and said:
“Little girl, I say to you, get up!”
That girl who had been dead immediately rose
and began walking.
Well, what future accomplishment
is signified by this miracle?
Well, Jesus and his 144,000 associate kings
will have the power
to completely empty the grave,
the common grave of dead mankind,
by means of the resurrection.
And then, according to Revelation 20:14,
the empty “Grave”
will be thrown
into the symbolic “lake of fire.”
It will be abolished forever,
never again to receive another occupant.
Well, let’s isolate
superhuman ability number five
in Matthew chapter 9, please.
Turn there.
Matthew chapter 9
and let’s read beginning
in verse number 3—Matthew 9:3:
“Now certain scribes said to themselves:
“‘This fellow is blaspheming.’
“Jesus, knowing their thoughts, said:
‘Why are you thinking
wicked things in your hearts?’”
So notice that Jesus
could read hearts there as a perfect human.
What about as a Messianic King?
Even more so.
He and the 144,000
will be able to read hearts.
And that means what?
They will be able to perfectly judge mankind
with absolutely no mistakes
—amazing indeed!
Well, let’s determine one more,
a sixth superhuman,
miraculous ability that Jesus
will possess and demonstrate.
And we’re going to do this.
Let’s go to Matthew chapter 8,
just back a little bit
from where you were there
—Matthew 8:16:
“But after it became evening,
“people brought him
“many demon-possessed ones;
“and he expelled the spirits with a word,
and he cured all who were suffering.”
So notice, rather than risk a decisive test
of the power that was backing Jesus,
the demons obeyed his command
to release these people
that they were possessing.
Well, what do we learn from this?
What does this prefigure?
Jesus and the 144,000
will have the power to act
against Satan and his demons,
because Jesus even granted on the earth
his disciples that same authority, didn’t he?
They were able to expel demons.
So they will certainly have the power,
even more so,
to take action against Satan and his demons
at the end of the thousand years.
At the end
of the great tribulation (I should say),
first they will abyss them.
Then at the end of the final test,
at the end of the thousand years,
Jesus, joined by
the secondary seed of Abraham,
as promised at Genesis 3:15,
(Jesus) will crush
the ugliest head in the universe,
Satan’s head.
And he will crush
the second-ugliest heads in the universe,
the heads of the demons.
What a tremendous accomplishment
and vindication
of Jehovah’s name and sovereignty
that will be!
Well, there we have six marvelous,
miraculous, superhuman abilities
that Jesus will possess
and exercise during his reign.
Human rulers, if we think about it,
couldn’t even dream to ever possess
even one of those superhuman abilities.
But Jesus will be able to
(1) command and control the forces of nature
to the benefit of all humans;
(2) exercise authority
over food and vegetation,
ensuring that no one ever goes hungry;
(3) possess the power
to heal all sicknesses and maladies;
(4) have the capability
to completely empty the grave
by means of the resurrection;
(5) possess the ability
to perfectly judge humans
with absolutely no mistakes;
and (6) be empowered
to act against Satan and his demons.
And if you think about it, the foregoing
are only a few examples
of the superhuman royal power that Jesus
will possess as Messianic King.
No wonder he’s Jehovah’s choice!
And no wonder
Jehovah has issued the decree
that all—not optional, all— must kiss,
warmly welcome, his Son.
Now, it’s true that a kiss
can be hypocritical, can’t it?
You know, Absalom gave off, or gave out,
(I’d probably better say gave off)
many hypocritical kisses.
He was kissing everybody, wasn’t he?
Hypocritical!
We read the account of treacherous Joab,
who hypocritically kissed Amasa
just before he murdered him.
And by means of a disgusting,
hypocritical, “tender kiss,”
Judas betrayed Jesus.
But, brothers and sisters,
our “kiss of Jesus” is not hypocritical.
From the bottom of our heart
—by our conduct, by our words—
we warmly welcome
Jehovah’s choice, don’t we?
We’re so happy,
and we tell everybody about this,
that he is already installed as King
and that he will soon
be the Ruler of all the earth.
And we want to help
honesthearted ones to likewise sincerely,
affectionately, kiss—welcome—God’s Son.
We do this urgently
during the limited window of time
during this kiss-God’s-Son
invitation time period
and before the it’s-now-too-late
time period arrives,
when ones will be told:
“Get ready to meet your God.”
Of course, sadly,
as we know, the vast majority,
especially the rulers,
will adamantly continue to do so.
But we are not like them,
because for these ones,
the anger of Jehovah and Jesus
will blaze against them.
But may Jehovah richly bless you,
dear brothers and sisters,
as you continue to affectionately
and warmly welcome Jehovah’s choice
and as you work hard
to help other honesthearted ones
to do the same.